---
title: P5 Camp 2026
permalink: /p5-camp-2026/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
### **3D2N P5 Cohort Camp 2026**

##### 2 - 4 March 2026

Our Primary 5 girls had an exciting and meaningful time at their 3D2N cohort camp, where they took part in a wide range of outdoor activities that challenged them to be brave, resilient and independent. Organised as part of the Primary 5 Outdoor Education syllabus, the camp gave the girls valuable opportunities to step out of their comfort zones, work together and learn more about themselves.

From squeezing through dark caves during caving to scaling heights in rock climbing and abseiling, the girls showed courage and determination as they tackled each activity. The obstacle rope course and journey trek also tested their teamwork, perseverance and willingness to encourage one another along the way. In between the exciting challenges, the girls spent time reflecting in their groups during a mini campfire session, where they shared their experiences and celebrated how much they had grown over the three days.

Beyond the adventure and fun, the camp helped the girls practise independence by managing their own belongings, taking responsibility for themselves and supporting their peers. It was a fulfilling experience that allowed them to build confidence, strengthen friendships and develop important life skills outside the classroom.

The Primary 5 cohort camp was truly more than just an outdoor trip. It was a journey of growth, discovery and shared memories that the girls will cherish for years to come.

<center><iframe allowfullscreen="" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" frameborder="0" title="YouTube video player" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tHLFHKp1Elo?si=zCy0-PnkGCtdOfiO" height="415" width="700"></iframe><center></center></center>