---
title: P4 TEA 2025
permalink: /p4-tea-2025/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
### **P4 English Theatre Experience for All (T.E.A.) Programme 2025**

##### 1 Oct 2025

On 1 October 2025, the Primary 4 students went on a learning journey as part of our Theatre Experience for All (T.E.A.) programme. The students attended Beauty and the Beast, a production by Dufflebag Theatre at Drama Centre Black Box, located at the National Library building.

The cosy theatre, with a seating capacity of only 120, created an intimate setting for the performance. Many students were experiencing a drama production in such a small-scale venue for the first time. Their excitement was palpable as they were told that the show would be full of comedy. 

From the moment the three energetic actors stepped on stage, they captivated the audience with their creativity and humour. Using only a trunk of simple props and minimal costumes, the performers carried the show through their inventiveness, physical comedy, and witty improvisation. The interactive format drew the students in, with plenty of audience participation — from waving hands in the air to calling out sound effects on cue. A few lucky students even got to perform alongside the actors, much to the delight of their peers who cheered them on enthusiastically.

The performance was peppered with modern references, cheeky exchanges between the narrator and the actors, and clever gags that had both students and teachers chuckling throughout. Imagination also played a big part, as the audience envisioned the settings brought to life by the performers’ lively storytelling.

Indeed, it was a unique and unforgettable theatre experience, leaving the audience smiling and buzzing with excitement long after the show ended.

<center><iframe allowfullscreen="" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" frameborder="0" title="YouTube video player" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VU49uEmgtV4?si=If5XdKDPvFpcWQZ_" height="415" width="700"></iframe></center>