---
title: P5 Camp 2025
permalink: /p5-camp-2025/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
### **P5 Camp 2025**

##### 24 to 26 Mar 2025

This is the first 3 Days 2 Nights Outdoor Adventure Camp experience for our Primary 5 students. The camp was held from 24th to 26th March at the MOE Dairy Farm Adventure Centre. The objective of the camp was to to build resilience through rugged outdoor living, forge camaraderie and social bonds through challenging common experiences and develop positive teacher-student relationships through out-of-classroom interactions.
 
From participation in activities like abseiling, rock climbing, zip line and challenge rope courses, the girls learnt the value of persevering and having confidence in trying to overcome an obstacle that was previously new and possibly frightening to them. As a group, the girls also had to put their heads together to solve problems presented to them during low element, team building and problem solving games. During their journey to various destinations, they cheered each other on so that everyone completed the journey together. It was indeed a fruitful camp as it provided authentic and experiential learning opportunities for our students to gain the relevant skills and attitudes beyond school.
 
The success of this camp was made possible because of a dedicated team of MOE Outdoor Adventure Educators who partnered closely with our very own SMSP teachers. Both teams of educators synergised to impart knowledge, skills and values to the campers. Our P5 students were greatly blessed and all glory to God.
 
Miss Low Pei Lin
P5 Camp Commandant 2025